All H3 frames are flow controlled (#4074)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-http.md

[QPACK] provides additional details.

### Flow Control Differences

HTTP/2 specifies a stream flow control mechanism. Although all HTTP/2 frames are
delivered on streams, only the DATA frame type is subject to flow control. QUIC

> subsumes flow control and all HTTP/3 frame types defined in this document are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides flow control for stream data and all HTTP/3 frame types defined in this document are
```

"subsumes" isn't the word I think you want here.
